echo "# Pink-mort-killer-usb" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/Mort-usb/Pink-mort-killer-usb.git
git push -u origin main

READ ME- -mort-usb.BAT NOT FOR MALICIOUS USE IS INTENDED AS EXMPLE ONLY -

Overview

The USB Boot Manager is a simple utility designed to help users create bootable USB drives and manage boot options for their systems. This project includes scripts to assist in preparing a USB drive for operating system installation or recovery.

Features

Create bootable USB drives from ISO files
Simple batch script to manage boot options
User-friendly interface
Prerequisites

A USB drive (at least 8 GB recommended)
Windows operating system
ISO file of the operating system or recovery tool
Rufus or UNetbootin for creating bootable USB drives
Installation

Clone this repository:

git clone https://github.com/Mort-usb/Pink-mort-killer-usb.git
cd usb-boot-manager
Use Rufus or UNetbootin to create a bootable USB drive:

Open the tool.
Select your USB drive.
Choose the ISO file.
Follow the prompts to create the bootable drive.
To use the batch script:

Open boot_manager.bat in a text editor.
Modify any settings as needed.
Run the script by double-clicking it.
Usage

Plug in your bootable USB drive.
Run the boot_manager.bat script.
Follow the prompts to select your desired boot option.
Important Notes

Data Loss Warning: This tool can modify or erase data on your USB drive and the hard drive. Ensure you have backups of important data before proceeding.
Legality and Ethics: Use this tool responsibly and ensure you have the right to modify any system or drive.
License

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
 file for details.

Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

Contact

For questions or support, please open an issue in the repository.

Feel free to modify any sections to better fit your project!
